# 2018 Dauntless FED Technical Test

## Instructions for this test:

"Your mission, if you choose to accept it, is to create a fully functioning slider from the packaged designs. This is a test of how well you can replicate a design so try to keep it as close to the designs as possible! You are free to use any tools at your disposal and to add any animations you deem fit. Follow the instructions in the email you received to send back your test. Show off, be brave, be bold, be Dauntless."

## My solution:

At first, I wanted to use some of the included assets to show off my skills with creating fancy vector animations but had limited time this weekend to spend on such a lengthy task and David Jenkin gave me a monday morning deadline to meet. So I decided to use the bootstrap carousel component to make it easy on myself (and who doesn't love bootstrap). However, I wanted it to be DAUNTLESS! So, I didn't want it to be quite that simple or use the default carousel controls because as stated in the instructions you wanted to keep the design intact and the carousel controls would've added a new design element. So, I decided to make the part of the image that says "start" on the first slide to begin the slider cycle. Oddly enough, this actually proved to be a new challenge for me. At first I was going to use an image map but I wanted the bootstrap carousel's responsiveness to stay intact so I had to do a little digging on stackoverflow and css tricks to find a solution. I decided on an empty div with an "absolute position" but using percentages for spacing and size to make it responsive. Then, I made a little jquery snippet and Voila! A responsive image hotspot button thingy! As you might also notice, I made sure my little makeshift button has the proper title and role to make it accessible. Anyway, I spent some time jumping a little hurdle to make this better than a basic bootstrap component but those graphics are really beautiful and I would love to do some vector animations with them when I get hired! Cheers!

## -Matthew J. Whitney